Encryption is fundamental when it comes to security.
Ensuring the data is encrypted at all levels,
at rest and in transit is crucial when it comes to
designing both infrastructure and applications.
The criticality of data encryption is magnified in
the public cloud environments such as AWS because
the underlying physical infrastructure and hardware is shared
with other tenants and managed and owned by the Cloud provider.
Infrastructure teams need to ensure that storage
that will store data leverages encryption capabilities.
Development teams need to ensure that applications encrypt
sensitive data prior to persisting to the underlying storage.
Protecting and managing encryption keys and certificates is
a major component of every organization's information security program.
Although risks can be reduced by tightening controls around cloud networks instances,
and identity and access management,
the risk still exists.
Ensuring data is encrypted at all layers further
reduces the risk of data falling into the wrong hands.
The risk of data falling into the wrong hands can be reduced by
tightening controls around Cloud networks and instances,
identity and access management,
and ensuring data is encrypted at rest,
further protects your data and it reduces the risk
of data being usable by those not entitled to see it.